**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Sat Aug 31 11:23:41 2019

Aug 31 11:23:41 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Aug 31 11:23:41 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Aug 31 11:23:41 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Aug 31 11:52:28 <luc4>	Hello! When I build plasma with kdesrc-build and I run it through sddm, will it use my home to save settings right? I ask this cause I did it accidentally and it broke my installation :-) can I set that installation to use a different home?
Aug 31 12:43:21 <brute4s99>	can someone add " .noautonum .tocnumber { display: none; } " to https://community.kde.org/MediaWiki:Common.css please?
Aug 31 12:43:24 <brute4s99>	bcooksley: ^
Aug 31 12:43:48 <[ade]>	CarlSchwan[m]: ^
Aug 31 12:43:55 <[ade]>	brute4s99: except .. *why*?
Aug 31 12:46:07 <meven[m]>	luc4:AFAIK it was possible maybe using KDEHOME and tweaking session startup scritp plasma-dev-prefix.sh, perhaps the simplest way would be to create another user
Aug 31 12:49:26 <meven[m]>	luc4: https://userbase.kde.org/KDE_System_Administration/KDE_Filesystem_Hierarchy mentions this and although it is no very actual, I think it mostly stands
Aug 31 12:52:24 <vkrause>	apol[m]: nicofee: wondering if we should maybe have an Android BoF too?
Aug 31 12:52:50 <nicofee>	Makes sense
Aug 31 12:53:18 <CarlSchwan[m]>	brute4s99: What does it fix/change?
Aug 31 12:54:31 <frinring>	vkrause: hi. perhaps you or someone can tell: does qt allow to build it without deprecated versions? and if so, where does it store the information, so when parsing headers the right deprecated methods are filtered?
Aug 31 12:55:08 <CarlSchwan[m]>	And merge request welcome: https://invent.kde.org/websites/aether-sass/blob/master/css/includes/mediawiki.scss
Aug 31 12:55:12 <frinring>	without deprecated versions -> API / symbols I mean
Aug 31 12:55:52 <frinring>	meven[m]: that is sadly kde4 info. for qt5-based software things have been switched to use xdg paths and env vars
Aug 31 12:57:18 <vkrause>	frinring: good question, maybe as part of the interface compile definitions in the cmake config?
Aug 31 12:57:19 <frinring>	meven[m]: so this looks better: https://userbase.kde.org/KDE_System_Administration/XDG_Filesystem_Hierarchy
Aug 31 12:59:16 <frinring>	vkrause: asking, as I have a first working prototype to add same fine-grained deprecated symbols control for KF (via ECM macro, so others can enjoy as well ;) ). one goal to achieve: allow to build all kf modules without deprecated API to a defined version
Aug 31 13:00:06 <frinring>	that should help kf-bundling apps a bit perhaps. at least help to prepare better for Qt6-triggered KF NG :)
Aug 31 13:00:09 <[ade]>	but that is some serious magic if you can (a) remove the declarations from the headers and (b) remove the symbols from the objects
Aug 31 13:00:35 <vkrause>	nicofee: scheduling-wise I think that either means Wed morning (collision with kwin), or Thu afternoon or later
Aug 31 13:01:38 <nicofee>	I don't really need to go to KWin
Aug 31 13:01:40 <frinring>	[ade]: it's more ifdef of the sources as well, no objects touched.
Aug 31 13:02:34 <nicofee>	But apol might want to attend the kwin BoF?
Aug 31 13:02:46 <vkrause>	frinring: yep, seen that, certainly useful infrastructure to have :)
Aug 31 13:04:29 <nicofee>	vkrause: but Thursday afternoon should be fine
Aug 31 13:09:05 <vkrause>	nicofee: ok, added for Thu 16:30
Aug 31 14:06:50 <luc4>	meven[m]: yes, using another user is what I currently do. I thought it could be more comfortable not to have to switch user for developing.
Aug 31 14:07:00 <luc4>	meven[m]: however thanks for the link.
Aug 31 14:36:51 <vkrause>	nicofee: didn't realize the parking thing had pkpass files, the sample you send me Wednesday doesn't have that though, does it?
Aug 31 14:37:12 <nicofee>	It has a link
Aug 31 14:37:50 <vkrause>	ah, I don't click links in sample data, too much risk I accidentally change/cancel a booking ;-)
Aug 31 14:38:17 <nicofee>	I can send you the file
Aug 31 14:41:52 <vkrause>	seems to render correctly at least, nice given the super small test set for event pkpass files so far :)
Aug 31 19:32:15 <brute4s99>	[ade] CarlSchwan[m]: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:Table_of_contents#Auto-numbering : I'd like to have the option to remove auto-numbering fir my docs page :)
Sep 02 08:51:42 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Sep  2 08:51:42 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Sep  2 08:52:08 2019

Sep 02 08:52:08 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 02 08:52:08 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 02 08:52:08 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 02 09:05:49 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Sep  2 09:05:49 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Sep  2 09:06:12 2019

Sep 02 09:06:12 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 02 09:06:12 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 02 09:06:12 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 02 09:37:54 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Sep  2 09:37:54 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Sep  2 09:38:17 2019

Sep 02 09:38:17 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 02 09:38:17 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 02 09:38:17 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 02 12:03:58 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Sep  2 12:03:58 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Sep  2 12:04:24 2019

Sep 02 12:04:24 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 02 12:04:24 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 02 12:04:24 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 02 13:56:00 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Sep  2 13:56:00 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Sep  2 13:56:26 2019

Sep 02 13:56:26 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 02 13:56:26 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 02 13:56:26 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 02 16:08:44 *	frinring looks int teachiing doxygen about things like #if KCOREADDONS_ENABLE_DEPRECATED_SINCE(5, 2)
Sep 03 10:14:12 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Sep  3 10:14:12 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Sep  3 10:14:37 2019

Sep 03 10:14:37 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 03 10:14:37 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 03 10:14:37 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 03 11:04:28 <einar77_work>	what would it require to add support for sshfs mounts to be displayed in dolphin? Add support for sshfs in the solid fstab backend?
Sep 03 11:16:00 <ervin>	einar77_work: I'd think so
Sep 03 11:16:27 <ervin>	interestingly, it might "just" (hehe right) mean reviving the fstab/mount backend that solid had a while ago
Sep 03 11:16:39 <ervin>	(I think it got discontinued somehow)
Sep 03 11:22:21 <einar77_work>	ervin: it's not discontinued, in fact it's pretty healthy
Sep 03 11:22:49 <einar77_work>	well, I guess I'll take a peek  there
Sep 03 11:23:35 <ervin>	ah, it might simply miss taking sshfs into account
Sep 03 11:31:30 <sitter>	einar77_work: probably just needs adding to _k_isFstabNetworkFileSystem() which acts as a whitelist it seems
Sep 03 11:31:52 <einar77_work>	thanks, guess I found something to hack at in the nights ;)
Sep 03 11:35:08 <frinring>	einar77_work: now I am curious how effecient you will do this to stay in your quota of "I write perhaps 10 C++ LoC per year ;)" :P
Sep 03 11:36:01 <[ade]>	std::do_the_right_thing(everything.begin(), everything.end(), [](auto& thing){ thing.amazing(); });
Sep 03 11:36:03 <[ade]>	one line
Sep 03 11:36:33 <bubli>	[ade]:  'return' is missing :P
Sep 03 11:37:27 <einar77_work>	frinring: I could finish it perhaps in 2 or 3 years? ;)
Sep 03 11:37:50 <sitter>	"QA takes time"
Sep 03 11:37:53 <frinring>	here my grant to break your quota then ;)
Sep 03 12:20:04 <DavidRedondo1>	No 19.08.1 tags yesterday?
Sep 03 12:24:28 <arojas>	DavidRedondo1: tags are pushed on release day. Tarballs may still get respinned
Sep 03 12:25:49 <DavidRedondo1>	Thanks I'm asking because of https://community.kde.org/Schedules/Applications/19.08_Release_Schedule#Monday.2C_September_2.2C_2019:_KDE_Applications_19.08.1_tagging
Sep 03 12:29:10 <sitter>	the wording isn't quite clear. the sha1's of the tags are locked down, the tags aren't actually pushed until release day because they may change if a respin is required to move the tag to a different sha
Sep 03 12:30:00 <sitter>	which is generally how this works for the large release bundles. the final tag is not made until release
Sep 03 12:32:30 <DavidRedondo1>	Thank you for the explanation!
Sep 03 13:40:44 <einar77_work>	sitter: your hunch was correct! https://i.imgur.com/MymBx97.png
Sep 03 13:44:33 <einar77_work>	frinring: it was just one line of C++, so it fits my current record ;)
Sep 03 13:44:42 <einar77_work>	https://phabricator.kde.org/D23694 for those who are interested
Sep 03 13:45:23 <frinring>	:) well done
Sep 03 13:46:59 <einar77_work>	I got annoyed enough of not having them visible in dolphin ;)
Sep 03 16:41:28 <gwm[m]>	Hey, code style question.
Sep 03 16:41:29 <gwm[m]>	Is variable shadowing acceptable in KDE's codebase (taking into account that shadowed varible isn't used after it is shaded), or should I avoid it if I want to submit a patch?
Sep 03 16:55:37 <thiago>	avoid if you can if it's in a .cpp; avoid it in a .h
Sep 03 17:00:39 <gwm[m]>	Thanks for the answer. (it's a .cpp file)
Sep 03 17:00:41 <gwm[m]>	Well, the problem is I can't come up with a good VariableNameThatIsNotAwfullyLong and the variables (the original and the shadowed one) are used in almost identical way.
Sep 03 17:00:41 <gwm[m]>	Is leaving it as it is,so reviewers can change it a good idea?
Sep 03 17:32:01 <leinir>	gwm[m]: Will it make people do a double take when the code is looked at again in five years, and after it has been moved around so git blame doesn't show why it happened?
Sep 03 17:35:02 <gwm[m]>	Well, honestly, no idea...
Sep 03 17:35:02 <gwm[m]>	Anyway, I've already submitted a patch, so hopefully I'll get corrected in case it is really bad.
Sep 03 17:35:03 <gwm[m]>	Thanks anyway!
Sep 03 19:20:42 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Sep  3 19:20:42 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Sep  3 19:21:06 2019

Sep 03 19:21:06 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 03 19:21:06 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 03 19:21:06 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 03 20:25:44 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Sep  3 20:25:44 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Sep  3 20:26:12 2019

Sep 03 20:26:12 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 03 20:26:12 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 03 20:26:12 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 03 20:44:21 <Kon[m]>	Was there a separate channel for Discover development? I could have sworn I was once linked to a Telegram group, but I can't remember for sure
Sep 03 21:19:26 <ngraham>	Kon: There is. I can invite you if you give me your telegram username
Sep 03 21:29:21 <cmacq2[m]>	mpyne: based on your feedback, I updated the MR and I left some thoughts regarding your questions there as well
Sep 03 22:25:44 <heirecka>	hmm, somehow I ended up being default assignee for a neon package. anybody I can assign that to?
Sep 04 07:55:02 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Sep  4 07:55:02 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Sep  4 07:55:26 2019

Sep 04 07:55:26 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 04 07:55:26 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 04 07:55:26 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 04 10:15:33 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Sep  4 10:15:33 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Sep  4 10:15:56 2019

Sep 04 10:15:56 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 04 10:15:56 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 04 10:15:56 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 04 10:37:53 <accumulator>	Hi all
Sep 04 10:38:35 <accumulator>	Is there a known issue with the akonadi imap resource? When I try to make an IMAP account, akonadi_imap_resource crashes according to akonadi
Sep 04 10:39:06 <accumulator>	(that's using the wizard within kmail)
Sep 04 10:39:41 <accumulator>	when creating the resource from within akonadiconsole, any auth attempts fail
Sep 04 10:41:00 <accumulator>	and server says: dovecot: imap-login: Aborted login (no auth attempts in 21 secs): user=<>, rip=xxx.yyy....
Sep 04 10:41:45 <einar77_work>	accumulator: which PIM version?
Sep 04 10:41:49 <accumulator>	master
Sep 04 10:41:59 <bubli>	accumulator: With that kind of question, ,aybe you'd have more luck on #kontact channel ?
Sep 04 10:42:03 <einar77_work>	accumulator: so far I don't have problems but I'm ~24h behind
Sep 04 10:42:13 <accumulator>	kf5 and pim built via kdesrc-build, qt from bullseye
Sep 04 10:42:26 <einar77_work>	(I'm also on master)
Sep 04 10:42:38 <accumulator>	is #kontact more suited for dev issues w.r.t. pim?
Sep 04 10:44:25 <accumulator>	einar77_work: did you try to create a new imap resource? which sasl algo? 
Sep 04 10:45:16 <einar77_work>	I'm updating, I'll restart akonadi and try
Sep 04 10:45:19 <einar77_work>	once done
Sep 04 10:45:45 <einar77_work>	(may take a while)
Sep 04 10:45:49 <accumulator>	:)
Sep 04 10:51:55 <accumulator>	einar77_work: which libboost version do you use?
Sep 04 10:52:46 <accumulator>	not sure if libboost is actually used in the resource though..
Sep 04 10:53:07 <accumulator>	but it's a dep here and there 
Sep 04 10:54:32 <einar77_work>	accumulator: sec, checking
Sep 04 10:55:07 <einar77_work>	1.69
Sep 04 10:56:13 <accumulator>	ok thx. mine is 1.67 so def not too new
Sep 04 11:03:51 <einar77_work>	accumulator: worksforme here
Sep 04 11:04:20 <accumulator>	einar77_work: ok, thanks. investigating further :)
Sep 04 14:46:38 <maxyz>	Hi, where is the current output of the autotests for extra-cmake-modules available?
Sep 04 14:47:00 <maxyz>	Building extra-cmake-modules in debian I'm getting: https://salsa.debian.org/qt-kde-team/kde/extra-cmake-modules/-/jobs/305662
Sep 04 14:48:42 <maxyz>	Which seems to indicate a missing dependency between the moc and the cpp.o file for tr_thread_test.
Sep 04 14:49:03 <maxyz>	But, well I wanted to check if this test is also failing in the kde ci builds
Sep 04 14:56:05 <DavidRedondo1>	Is it by design that globalShortcutChanged isn't emitted by KGlobalAccel if the Application that the shortcut belongs to changes it?
Sep 04 15:43:27 <frinring>	seems using __attribute__ ((__deprecated__))  with the "ckass <here> X" declaration does not automatically result in the compiler warning for the use of any class methods?
Sep 04 15:44:43 <frinring>	might explain why all the deprecated Qt classes do not have the attribute set in that place, but on constructors & static methods
Sep 04 15:46:08 *	frinring copies that approach then for his work
Sep 04 16:56:05 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Sep  4 16:56:05 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Sep  4 16:56:30 2019

Sep 04 16:56:30 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 04 16:56:30 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 04 16:56:30 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 05 09:58:43 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Thu Sep  5 09:58:43 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu Sep  5 09:59:06 2019

Sep 05 09:59:06 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 05 09:59:06 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 05 09:59:06 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 05 11:35:15 *	CarlSchwan[m] uploaded an image: image.png (16KB) < https://matrix.org/_matrix/media/v1/download/kde.org/qkoEfTepnRgiCwOciZWulZWw >
Sep 05 11:35:31 <CarlSchwan[m]>	volker|office_: Why can I not add it to the calendar?
Sep 05 14:04:24 <vkrause[m]>	Carl Schwan: I think that's because it has no times associated with it
Sep 05 14:04:50 <vkrause[m]>	ie. this is likely a boarding pass found by the generic extractor, with no existing booking in the calendar
Sep 05 14:05:11 <vkrause[m]>	so it doesn't know where to actually put it in the calendar
Sep 05 14:05:30 <vkrause[m]>	(the underlying problem is that the barcodes in a standard boarding pass contain only the date, not the times)
Sep 05 14:06:51 <CarlSchwan[m]>	vkrause:  Ok so I think I will need to attend the itinerary bof 😉
Sep 05 14:07:18 <vkrause[m]>	definitely, we have no samples for Luxair yet :)
Sep 05 14:08:53 <[ade]>	only got deutsche bahn and trenitalia for you this time, boring stuff.
Sep 05 14:11:06 <vkrause[m]>	not at all, the trenitialia barcodes still have some unknown parts in them, more samples will hopefully help to decode those :)
Sep 05 14:12:06 <vkrause[m]>	and international DB tickets are also very interesting for the still fairly new generic extractor for the standard EU international tickets
Sep 05 14:12:32 <vkrause[m]>	ie. more samples are always helpful
Sep 05 14:12:48 <CarlSchwan[m]>	Do you want some blablacar sample?
Sep 05 14:12:49 <CarlSchwan[m]>	and flixbus?
Sep 05 14:13:00 <vkrause[m]>	the answer is always yes :)
Sep 05 14:13:14 <vkrause[m]>	blablacar I think I only have one, not enough for an extractor yet
Sep 05 14:13:54 <vkrause[m]>	flixbus has structured annotations, but without timezones IIRC, so those will also still need work
Sep 05 14:14:38 <CarlSchwan[m]>	Should I send all those samples to an email address?
Sep 05 14:14:48 <vkrause[m]>	yep, vkrause@kde.org
Sep 05 14:16:12 <bshah|matrix>	I'm curious, if everyone sends you their booking, don't you end up with all of that entries in your itinerary app?
Sep 05 14:16:31 <bshah|matrix>	Of course you can kill it later 
Sep 05 14:16:51 <vkrause[m]>	that's why I have never implemented the often requested automatic adding :)
Sep 05 14:17:05 <bshah|matrix>	Aah
Sep 05 14:17:26 <bshah|matrix>	Wasn't aware as I don't use kmail
Sep 05 14:17:46 <vkrause[m]>	but it does happen occasioanlly nevertheless, and I notice when my weather forecast doesn't match reality at all ;-)
Sep 05 14:22:45 <einar77_work>	vkrause[m]: currently for non-tickets (e.g. reservation mails) does the whole thing only look for json-ld?
Sep 05 14:25:56 <vkrause[m]>	it also looks if it has a custom extractor script that claims it supports this email (typically by matching the From header)
Sep 05 14:26:44 <vkrause[m]>	it doesn't search emails for barcode image attachments yet though, it only does that in PDF or pkpass attachments
Sep 05 14:28:03 <vkrause[m]>	it does support inline microdata schema.org though, next to json-ld, in HTML parts
Sep 05 14:29:10 <CarlSchwan[m]>	vkrause: I send some sample for flixbus.de and blablacar.fr. For blablacar I have a lot more emails if you want.
Sep 05 14:36:31 <vkrause[m]>	got the two flixbus ones (and they indeed show only an UTC offset, not a proper timezone), not seeing the blablacar one yet
Sep 05 14:39:09 <CarlSchwan[m]>	Strange I send the blablacar mails before the flixbus mails
Sep 05 14:40:24 <vkrause[m]>	the flixbus ones show up with their original receiving date (ie. way in the past), so took me a while to find those as well, might be I'm just blind
Sep 05 14:42:14 <einar77_work>	vkrause[m]: some bookings for places I visited in Spain this year had barcodes, unsure what was in the barcode though
Sep 05 14:49:28 <CarlSchwan[m]>	vkrause: I send the emails this time as attachment and didn't use the KMail redirect feature. It should be easier to find now. 
Sep 05 14:52:07 <vkrause[m]>	that worked, thanks!
Sep 05 14:56:45 <vkrause[m]>	they look quite messed up, weird encoding, lots of remote content, and in a language I'm not exactly fluent in, might make sense to have a look at this together next week so I properly understand what I'm looking at :)
Sep 05 16:50:41 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Thu Sep  5 16:50:41 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu Sep  5 16:54:01 2019

Sep 05 16:54:01 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 05 16:54:01 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 05 16:54:01 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 05 19:14:39 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Thu Sep  5 19:14:39 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu Sep  5 19:15:06 2019

Sep 05 19:15:06 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 05 19:15:06 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 05 19:15:06 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 05 21:45:17 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Thu Sep  5 21:45:17 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu Sep  5 21:45:43 2019

Sep 05 21:45:43 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 05 21:45:43 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 05 21:45:43 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 06 08:11:44 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Fri Sep  6 08:11:44 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Fri Sep  6 08:12:10 2019

Sep 06 08:12:10 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 06 08:12:10 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 06 08:12:10 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 06 10:39:07 <guoyunhe>	Hi
Sep 06 10:39:33 <guoyunhe>	How could I contribute to "kompare", it is not in Phabricator or GitLab
Sep 06 10:40:01 <guoyunhe>	I have a small patch (1 line)
Sep 06 10:46:20 <einar77_work>	guoyunhe: how invasive the change is?
Sep 06 10:47:42 <guoyunhe>	einar77_work: just one line, to enable HiDPI icon rendering
Sep 06 11:00:30 <guoyunhe>	I just pushed it to master and hope they don't mind it https://cgit.kde.org/kompare.git/commit/?id=f4ad6f7c2548f59477785829c7602b2af1c3062c
Sep 06 14:16:21 <asturm>	oh no please no ccache automagic
Sep 06 14:16:51 *	asturm looks at konsole.git
Sep 06 14:33:15 <krop>	khindenburg: ↑ 
Sep 06 14:47:53 <einar77_work>	asturm: I think it's only switched on if ccache is found, but I agree - it violates the principle of least surprise
Sep 06 14:50:59 <krop>	asturm: OT do you see crashes on startup with scribus 1.5.5?
Sep 06 15:11:13 <arojas>	I don't see why projects have the need to enable such things, this should be a decision of the person who is compiling
Sep 06 15:15:23 <heirecka>	+1
Sep 06 15:22:12 <asturm>	krop: haven't tried that release yet
Sep 06 15:30:08 <ebby21>	Hey everyone.. I'm new to contributing to OpenSource
Sep 06 15:30:10 <ebby21>	I've always been fascinated by foss since I got into Linux
Sep 06 15:30:25 <ebby21>	I like KDE a lot
Sep 06 15:30:32 <ebby21>	and would like to contribute to it
Sep 06 15:30:38 <ebby21>	I read somewhere that to contribute to kde, you should create a patch and post it online for approval?
Sep 06 15:30:47 <ebby21>	after making changes
Sep 06 15:37:17 <nicofee>	Yes
Sep 06 16:42:16 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Fri Sep  6 16:42:16 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Fri Sep  6 16:42:40 2019

Sep 06 16:42:40 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 06 16:42:40 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 06 16:42:40 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 07 11:05:28 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Sat Sep  7 11:05:28 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Sat Sep  7 11:05:50 2019

Sep 07 11:05:50 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 07 11:05:50 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 07 11:05:50 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 07 12:45:17 <asturm>	anyone here who's built qtwebengine-5.13.1 successfully?
Sep 07 12:58:13 <precla>	DavidRedondo1 I'm gonna make this one: https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=375382 , before I start: would it be better to have two bools , one for saveToFile other for saveToClipboard. Or have one int, where , for example if set to 1 - save to file, 2 - save to clipboard, 3- save to both
Sep 07 12:58:46 <krop>	asturm: looks like we did 
Sep 07 12:59:16 <arojas>	asturm: yes
Sep 07 13:02:28 <asturm>	thanks, so it is theoretically possible ;) I do get "content_features.cc:122:14: error: missing binary operator before token... #if BUILDFLAG(ENABLE_REPORTING)" in content_features.cc
Sep 07 13:37:55 <heirecka>	asturm: works fine here, too. but qdoc seems to have problems building .qch help files for baloo and kdeclarative since 5.13.1
Sep 07 13:43:49 <frinring>	heirecka: hi. where is qdoc used to building .qch help files for baloo and kdeclarative?
Sep 07 13:46:23 <heirecka>	frinring: actually I'm not sure how they are built, I just noticed that they silently fail to get created since 5.13.1 (maybe coincidence?) and then the build fails during make install because the files don't exist
Sep 07 13:46:46 <arojas>	heirecka: works for me
Sep 07 13:47:22 *	heirecka investigates
Sep 07 13:47:34 <arojas>	heirecka: if you're on doxygen 1.8.16, see https://cgit.kde.org/baloo.git/commit/?id=33e042970075e120f99bb85ba3f8fb96a200f4b8
Sep 07 13:47:50 <arojas>	but kdeclarative is not affected, at least for me
Sep 07 13:47:54 <frinring>	heirecka: so in the build of baloo & kdeclarative? that is doxygen actually 
Sep 07 13:48:08 <heirecka>	ah, thanks
Sep 07 15:09:24 <tsdgeos>	dfaure[m]: so the current links are https://bugs.chromium.org/p/oss-fuzz/issues/list?q=kcodecs https://bugs.chromium.org/p/oss-fuzz/issues/list?q=karchive https://bugs.chromium.org/p/oss-fuzz/issues/list?q=kimageformats
Sep 07 15:09:51 <tsdgeos>	problem is there's a few out of memory/timeout that i think it's just oss-fuzz giving it too litle memory/time
Sep 07 15:09:57 <tsdgeos>	so i generally tend to ignore those
Sep 07 15:18:46 <svuorela>	precla: sounds like the usecase for a enum ?
Sep 07 15:18:53 <precla>	yea
Sep 07 15:18:59 <precla>	or that way
Sep 07 15:22:35 <svuorela>	precla: at least a magic int sounds wrong
Sep 07 15:23:06 <precla>	yeah, but dbus doesn't support enum. So a number has to be passed
Sep 07 15:23:36 <precla>	a byte (unsigned 8bit) as 'y' would be enough
Sep 07 15:23:51 <precla>	boolean sounds more straight-forward
Sep 07 15:24:36 <svuorela>	if over dbus, I*d serialize dbus as strings
Sep 07 15:50:16 <dfaure[m]>	tsdgeos: noted, thanks
Sep 07 15:59:49 <precla>	https://youtu.be/sKc36FMz0kA?t=22
Sep 07 15:59:56 <precla>	oops, worng chan :d
Sep 07 17:11:12 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Sat Sep  7 17:11:12 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Sat Sep  7 17:11:34 2019

Sep 07 17:11:34 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 07 17:11:34 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 07 17:11:34 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 07 17:11:53 <tsdgeos>	dfaure[m]: you broke kcoreaddons
Sep 07 17:12:06 <tsdgeos>	 error C2065: 'recurse': undeclared identifier
Sep 07 17:20:22 <bcooksley>	that could possibly have been due to MSVC updates we applied today, but hopefully not....
Sep 07 17:22:47 <dfaure[m]>	@tsdgeos oops, I renamed the method but not in the windows code path. Fixed, thanks.
Sep 07 17:24:38 <tsdgeos>	:)
Sep 09 09:21:29 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Sep  9 09:21:29 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Sep  9 09:21:50 2019

Sep 09 09:21:50 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 09 09:21:50 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 09 09:21:50 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 09 09:51:42 <[ade]>	cmacq2[m]: ooooo, now i've mapped you back from "person at akademy social event" to "person who messes around with kdesrc-build" :)
Sep 09 09:57:43 <svuorela>	do we have a html dom library ?
Sep 09 09:58:17 <svuorela>	that is not khtml
Sep 09 09:58:41 <bshah|matrix>	But we have khtml
Sep 09 10:02:24 <svuorela>	not for long
Sep 09 10:04:18 <bshah|matrix>	Not if you start taking it seriously and using it :p
Sep 09 10:04:51 <bshah|matrix>	svuorela: https://github.com/lagner/QGumboParser there's this
Sep 09 11:23:39 <cmacq2[m]>	Bhushan Shah: am creating a bunch of MRs for the otpclient app. Starting with: https://invent.kde.org/bshah/otpclient/merge_requests/1
Sep 09 13:21:02 <frinring>	hi (native) english speakers: what would be a proper term to describe "before x" where "x" is also included into the range described? it's about a timeline range (actually versions). looking for a term in a variable, of pattern elements_before_x
Sep 09 13:27:56 <frinring>	motivation: I misinterpreted "QT_DISABLE_DEPRECATED_BEFORE" myself before finally reading up the docs, and for the KF counterparts would like to find a term less confusing
Sep 09 13:34:53 <noahdvs[m]1>	frinring: Native speaker here, can you tell me how you would say it first? TBH, it sounds like the correct terminology would come from math and my knowledge of math terminology is a bit rusty.
Sep 09 13:39:46 <frinring>	noahdvs[m]1: I have also no idea how to say it properly in an informal sentence :)
Sep 09 13:40:21 <frinring>	in german I would use "bis einschließlich", which translates word-wise to "till including"
Sep 09 13:40:42 <frinring>	tough that also already misses from which side the date is approached
Sep 09 13:40:50 <einar77_work>	that "before" is inclusive in the macro?
Sep 09 13:41:13 <noahdvs[m]1>	Looking at the documentation for QT_DISABLE_DEPRECATED_BEFORE, it actually reads like english when you write the whole line
Sep 09 13:41:19 <frinring>	einar77_work: yes.https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qtglobal.html#QT_DISABLE_DEPRECATED_BEFORE
Sep 09 13:41:40 <einar77_work>	noahdvs[m]1: to my (non native) eye, I interpret it like < and not <=
Sep 09 13:41:53 <einar77_work>	which is AFAICS the issue
Sep 09 13:41:54 <noahdvs[m]1>	ah, that's a good point
Sep 09 13:42:36 <noahdvs[m]1>	and you're right. In math, before doesn't mean before and including the current
Sep 09 13:42:39 <frinring>	I guess someone wrote bad code off by one, and then things were "fixed" in the docs ;)
Sep 09 13:43:37 <einar77_work>	informally "up to <version>" would be probably fine but in a macro sounds a little off
Sep 09 13:44:49 <frinring>	well, KF_DISABLE_DEPRECATED_UP_TO would work for me, but I dislike there that is misses to make obvious that is for things older, not newer
Sep 09 13:45:09 <noahdvs[m]1>	maybe DISABLE_DEPRECATED_BY or DISABLE_DEPRECATED_UP_TO? I don't think "up to <version> is that bad, but I'm not familiar with macro naming conventions.
Sep 09 13:45:47 <frinring>	here the idea is to be expressive when writing things like "-DQT_DISABLE_DEPRECATED_BEFORE=0x050900"
Sep 09 13:46:30 <frinring>	*expressive to the person reading the code
Sep 09 13:49:29 <frinring>	my small pain with DISABLE_DEPRECATED_UP_TO is that as developer with a certain version locally I look at that version given backwards mentally
Sep 09 13:50:35 <frinring>	so Up_to means "all versions since and including that one" in a first thought
Sep 09 13:51:14 <noahdvs[m]1>	DISABLE_DEPRECATED_FROM?
Sep 09 13:53:24 <noahdvs[m]1>	eh, from doesn't actually specify the end point of the range
Sep 09 13:53:50 <frinring>	how enlgish and (not) cumbersome is DISABLE_DEPRECATED_AT_AND_BEFORE 
Sep 09 13:54:29 <noahdvs[m]1>	I don't see anything wrong with it. It's perfectly understandable.
Sep 09 13:55:33 <noahdvs[m]1>	I mean, I wouldn't say that in formal writing, but it seems like a balance of clairity and brevity is what we want.
Sep 09 13:55:53 <cmacq2[m]>	`DISABLE_DEPRECATED_SINCE` ?
Sep 09 13:56:35 <noahdvs[m]1>	yes, that's a good one. Usually, since included the date specified.
Sep 09 13:57:55 <frinring>	though "deprecated since" could also mean all things which became deprecated since, no?
Sep 09 13:58:25 <frinring>	which would invert what we try to describe :)
Sep 09 13:59:00 <noahdvs[m]1>	yeah. Thinking about it a bit more, since is usually use like "ever since 1900, it's been like this"
Sep 09 14:00:50 <frinring>	DISABLE_BEEN_DEPRECATED_SINCE would be more clear to me as non-native speaker, vs. DISABLE_GOT_DEPRECATED_SINCE meaning I initially would read into DISABLE_DEPRECATED_SINCE
Sep 09 14:02:14 <noahdvs[m]1>	DISABLE_BEEN_DEPRECATED_SINCE is not like native english though.
Sep 09 14:02:27 <frinring>	I would have guessed so :)
Sep 09 14:04:37 <noahdvs[m]1>	DISABLE_DEPRECATED_AT_AND_BEFORE is probably good enough
Sep 09 14:06:21 <noahdvs[m]1>	DISABLE_DEPRECATED_BEFORE_AND_AT is slightly better
Sep 09 14:07:03 <noahdvs[m]1>	Plus it's not radically different from the Qt macro, so people familiar with Qt should understand what it means.
Sep 09 14:09:26 <frinring>	okay, and perhaps it will also help people to learn about this small surprise with the Qt one, when they see QT_DISABLE_DEPRECATED_BEFORE & KF_DISABLE_DEPRECATED_BEFORE_AND_AT used next to each other and wonder why the additional term
Sep 09 14:10:37 <frinring>	thanks so far, will then go and update https://phabricator.kde.org/D23789 with that. still open for better suggestions, comments on the current API of that macro and its generated API very welcome (see the examples in the docs)
Sep 09 14:10:49 <frinring>	"WIP: Add ECMGenerateExportHeaders, for improved handling of deprecated API"
Sep 09 14:12:22 <frinring>	well, also need to update the code to adapt to the off-by-one ("<" -> "<=") now :)
Sep 09 16:05:09 <svuorela>	bcooksley: ! you were maintainer of systemsettings - how do I switch to classic mode ?
Sep 09 16:05:41 <bcooksley>	svuorela: Hamburger on the top left > Configure
Sep 09 16:08:43 <svuorela>	oh.
Sep 09 16:09:33 <dark[m]>	That got resolved quickly. lel
Sep 09 16:14:18 <svuorela>	dark[m]: I resolved it harder.
Sep 09 16:15:40 <svuorela>	sitter: ^5
Sep 09 16:22:10 <act93[m]>	alex123_riot: did you figure out the error? I'm getting the same one when I try to build Qt
Sep 09 16:22:29 <einar77_work>	svuorela: I didn't even know that the classic mode in systemsettings used khtml
Sep 09 16:24:58 <einar77_work>	dvratil[m]: any specific reasons that the imap (and other PIM) resources in kdepim-runtime use kmessagebox when there are errors?
Sep 09 16:25:39 <einar77_work>	that is the annoyance I mentioned on saturday, because it creates a modal dialog that goes over everything
Sep 09 16:26:09 <einar77_work>	I think, at least
Sep 09 16:35:57 <dvratil[m]>	svuorela: Currently there's no other way for a resource to report an error. Ideally we would have an infrastructure for the resources to ask users through the Kontact UI (or whatever Akonadi app is currently active), but, well, someone would need to write it first ;-)
Sep 09 16:36:22 <svuorela>	dvratil[m]: I thikn you mean einar77_work :)
Sep 09 16:36:51 <einar77_work>	dvratil[m]: I mean, the "cause" is my dovecot server killing off long-lived sessions
Sep 09 16:37:22 <einar77_work>	so every time it happens I have a blocking dialog box telling me that the connection has been terminated
Sep 09 16:37:31 <dvratil[m]>	<svuorela "dvratil: I thikn you mean einar7"> Ah, indeed. Sorry, still learning how to use Riot :)
Sep 09 16:37:39 <einar77_work>	(which also steals focus from all other applications)
Sep 09 16:38:10 <dvratil[m]>	Hmm, weird. I thought we only ask about wrong password
Sep 09 16:38:21 <einar77_work>	my original question was: where in the code is that triggered? laurent was telling me resourcestate.cpp in kdepim-runtime, but it looks like a different kmessagebox there
Sep 09 16:38:52 <einar77_work>	and of course with these things, it NEVER happens on this machine, only at home
Sep 09 16:39:42 <dvratil[m]>	:P is it really IMAP? Or POP3<
Sep 09 16:39:44 <dvratil[m]>	 * :P is it really IMAP? Or POP3?
Sep 09 16:39:48 <einar77_work>	IMAP
Sep 09 16:40:12 <einar77_work>	the error which I assume comes from the resource is "TLS connection closed" or something like that (localized so I'm back-translating ;)
Sep 09 16:40:37 <einar77_work>	I assume this is just forwarded from lower in the stack *somewhere*
Sep 09 16:40:55 <dvratil[m]>	Ok, I'll check that. It's weird, since technically we would be getting "connection lost" messagebox whenever I resume from suspend...
Sep 09 16:41:03 <einar77_work>	next time it happens I'll monitor the server too
Sep 09 16:41:17 <einar77_work>	I'm sure it only happens when the long-lived connection is killed
Sep 09 16:41:25 <einar77_work>	(from the server side)
Sep 09 16:43:20 <dvratil[m]>	Try to get a screenshot or the text of the messagebox next time, even if its Italian, please - grepping the source code for messages is still the easiest way to find things in PIM :D
Sep 09 16:45:29 <einar77_work>	dvratil[m]: I will, it happens regularly when I'm watching videos :P
Sep 09 16:55:35 <svuorela>	CarlSchwan[m]: https://lxr.kde.org/ident?_i=KHTMLPart&_remember=1
Sep 09 17:09:35 <vkrause[m]>	einar77 briefly looked at the renfe ticket, very interesting, we need to add support for DataMatrix to the barcode decoder :)
Sep 09 17:20:52 <einar77_work>	vkrause[m]: glad it was useful
Sep 09 17:21:37 <einar77_work>	vkrause[m]: btw I think a reservation in Lufthansa I made yesterday wasn't properly extracted, or at least I didn't get the usual display in kmail
Sep 09 17:22:00 <einar77_work>	I'll check the past ones (which I knew worked)
Sep 09 17:22:27 <einar77_work>	hm, from last year, works
Sep 09 17:22:30 <einar77_work>	from this year, not
Sep 09 17:24:26 <vkrause[m]>	No longer containing schema.org annotations?
Sep 09 17:29:12 <frinring>	vkrause[m]: hi. I just saw on planet.kde.org twitter timeline there was a KF6 bof this morning. are there any notes published somewhere?
Sep 09 17:30:06 <frinring>	vkrause[m]: especially interested if there was any discussion related to deprecation of API, given what I would like to porpose with ECMGenerateExportHeader (ihttps://phabricator.kde.org/D23789) :)
Sep 09 17:31:38 <frinring>	as I am curious whom to poke and pull into this work and its application onto all the KDE Frameworks modules. by my experiments with a few, that will be work better distributed on multiple shoulders/hands/heads
Sep 09 17:32:32 <frinring>	going to upload the current experiment patches now, so people can see what kind of changes this would bring
Sep 09 17:34:07 <einar77_work>	vkrause[m]: looks like it, let me look
Sep 09 17:34:37 <einar77_work>	vkrause[m]: no, there is
Sep 09 17:34:52 <einar77_work>	<div itemscope itemtype=3D"http://schema.org/FlightReservation"> (taken unparsed from the mail)
Sep 09 17:37:43 <einar77_work>	vkrause[m]: looks like it's not in the head anymore
Sep 09 17:37:48 <einar77_work>	it's at the bottom of the message or so
Sep 09 17:38:26 <einar77_work>	yes it used to be in <head> now it's in the HTML body
Sep 09 17:39:23 <svuorela>	frinring: there wwas mostly "remember to do KF6 TODO REMOVE  for things that should be removed and not yet much about ifdeffery
Sep 09 17:40:14 <frinring>	like all those KF5 rremove and kde4 remove we have in the codebase? :P
Sep 09 17:40:22 <svuorela>	yep
Sep 09 17:40:32 <svuorela>	they need friends
Sep 09 17:40:46 <svuorela>	but mostly for "small things" that actually can be removed
Sep 09 17:41:09 <frinring>	the compiler can be our friend here then, with ifdeffery
Sep 09 17:44:24 <frinring>	so, anyone did notes in the bof and will post them? or will stay in milan what was said in milan... :)
Sep 09 17:44:47 <ngraham>	"What happens in Milan stays in Milan?" :)
Sep 09 17:45:42 <frinring>	yup, that's what I tried to word-play with ;)
Sep 09 17:46:00 <frinring>	btw, will there be videos of the talks? so far no mention, so shall I better not continue hopes?
Sep 09 17:46:17 <ngraham>	I think all the talks generally get recorded
Sep 09 17:46:33 <ngraham>	last year it was a few weeks before they were posted IIRC
Sep 09 17:47:44 <svuorela>	the pim bof and kf6 bof did have notes taken on notes.kde.org
Sep 09 17:48:07 <svuorela>	the goals bof was using the blackboard. I don't know if someone persisted it out of the blackboard
Sep 09 17:48:22 <svuorela>	I don't know if any notes are taken at the kirigamidocs bof
Sep 09 17:52:55 <frinring>	svuorela: any chance for a link for the kf6 one? no idea how to find recent pads on notes.kde.org, and my quick search via the index did not yield results
Sep 09 17:53:25 <svuorela>	09:43 < hefee> url for the KF5 BoF: https://notes.kde.org/p/akademy2019-kf6-notes
Sep 09 17:53:31 <svuorela>	(from #akademy 
Sep 09 17:53:33 <svuorela>	)
Sep 09 17:54:22 <frinring>	thanks
Sep 09 17:55:07 <svuorela>	frinring: idling in #akademy this week - even if not attanding might be an idea
Sep 09 17:56:24 <frinring>	seems so :)
Sep 09 17:56:35 <vkrause[m]>	frinring: sorry for the delay, https://notes.kde.org/p/akademy2019-kf6-notes, and yes, I think your deprecation work fits right in there
Sep 09 17:57:02 <vkrause[m]>	it would help with phasing out the old stuff now already, and assess the impact on plasma/apps
Sep 09 17:57:20 <vkrause[m]>	esp. beyond the big known things already in porting aids
Sep 09 17:58:01 <vkrause[m]>	einar77_work: interesting, inline microdata should work anywhere in the file, but it's quite possible we don't handle some variant of that correctly yet
Sep 09 17:58:07 <tsdgeos[m]>	we need help porting okular out of kjs
Sep 09 17:58:20 <tsdgeos[m]>	and the epub thing uses khtml too
Sep 09 17:58:29 <tsdgeos[m]>	via kio magic
Sep 09 17:58:40 <tsdgeos[m]>	that may need total rewrite or removal :/
Sep 09 17:58:54 <vkrause[m]>	frinring: also, https://phabricator.kde.org/project/board/310/ might be interesting for you (still in the process of being filled obviously)
Sep 09 18:00:11 <vkrause[m]>	tsdgeos: Allan and Sune are already porting khtml usage, maybe they can be motivated to have a look :)
Sep 09 18:00:31 <tsdgeos>	svuorela: ↑↑
Sep 09 18:01:36 <svuorela>	I already looked a bit on that - and maybe sacrificing it on the altar of the past
Sep 09 18:05:16 <tsdgeos>	i'd prefer not to do that ideally
Sep 09 18:05:24 <tsdgeos>	i mean there's not many epub readers i think
Sep 09 18:05:34 <tsdgeos>	if there is something better we can point to people, fine
Sep 09 18:05:42 <svuorela>	oh. I meant the chm one
Sep 09 18:05:42 <tsdgeos>	but otherwise they're losing features
Sep 09 18:05:50 <tsdgeos>	ah yes chm, sorry
Sep 09 18:06:11 <svuorela>	I haven't seen a chm file in a decade
Sep 09 18:06:19 <svuorela>	so maybe I'm  colored by that
Sep 09 18:06:51 <vkrause[m]>	is that about html -> image rendering or is that using khtml directly for display? ie. would a webengine port be technically feasible?
Sep 09 18:07:47 <svuorela>	it is html to image rendering I think. and event loops
Sep 09 18:08:42 <frinring>	vkrause[m]: np with delay, know you all are busy chatting in bofs & hallways :)
Sep 09 18:09:26 <frinring>	btw, for kcoreaddons tthe macro and ifdeffery might look like this: https://phabricator.kde.org/D23800 
Sep 09 18:10:05 <svuorela>	yay. ifdeffery is now a word.
Sep 09 18:10:56 <svuorela>	tsdgeos: oh. there is also kjjs in okular. that must be a task for carewolf :)
Sep 09 18:11:38 <vkrause[m]>	frinring: looks good to me
Sep 09 18:13:09 <svuorela>	tsdgeos[m]: have you given okular the "run from build dir treatment" ?
Sep 09 18:13:37 <tsdgeos>	svuorela: i have not
Sep 09 18:13:51 <svuorela>	hmm...
Sep 09 18:14:49 <tsdgeos>	i'm not sure even if we have that treatment with things that have plugins with plugins
Sep 09 18:14:59 <tsdgeos>	like okularpart has with okulargenerators
Sep 09 18:16:11 <svuorela>	don't tell ivan about plugins having plugins :)
Sep 09 18:23:30 <frinring>	and KService being prototype-ifdefferied for deprecated API in https://phabricator.kde.org/D23802
Sep 09 18:23:42 <ngraham>	I'm finding that when I compile plasma-desktop, the mouse KCM .so file that gets built doesn't actually include any of my changes and I am somewhat baffled by why
Sep 09 18:26:10 <svuorela>	tsdgeos: so. it looks like chm backend uses khtml to convert html to bitmaps. qtwe does not have that. but it might be able to generate a pdf.... and now I_start to feel dirty
Sep 09 18:34:02 <tsdgeos[m]>	Sorry :D
Sep 09 18:34:12 <tsdgeos[m]>	I think there was qchmviewer or something
Sep 09 18:34:41 <tsdgeos[m]>	May be worth trying seeing how good it is, if we can just point people there
Sep 09 18:35:05 <tsdgeos[m]>	Or if the UI is terrible we can try to steal the backend code
Sep 09 20:40:54 <sankasan>	hi, is there anyone in here who works on skrooge?
Sep 09 20:42:07 <einar77>	vkrause[m]: do you think things will break if I forward you a working and a non-working mail?
Sep 09 20:42:26 <einar77>	break -> won't be parsable
Sep 09 21:13:32 <sankasan>	damn, building a single application using kdesrc-build pulls in _a lot_ of modules. Even after I've disabled Qt I'm still building 77 modules in order to build the application skrooge. It seems excessive for a standalone application. It feels like I'm building a large part from the latest and greatest of the KDE stack in order to build a single application. It is the recommended way from the 'getting involved' pages but it looks like a lot 
Sep 09 21:13:33 <sankasan>	can break when building like this. What is the best way to _only_ build the application I want to improve?
Sep 09 21:15:22 <sankasan>	ah.. "include-dependencies" can be set to off :) (rtfm douchebag)
Sep 09 21:35:04 <ngraham>	> It feels like I'm building a large part from the latest and greatest of the KDE stack in order to build a single application
Sep 09 21:35:04 <ngraham>	Well, you are :)
Sep 09 21:35:33 <ngraham>	which is necessary if your distro has old packages. But if you're on a rolling release distro, then it's not really necessary, and you can disable `include-dependencies` as you've discovered :)
Sep 09 21:44:58 <vkrause[m]>	einar77: shouldn't be a problem, I can always separate them here I think
Sep 09 21:45:47 <sankasan>	yeah, I'm on arch so I guess I'm okay in the rolling release part. And actually I don't mind building a large part of the stack once, but not for every iteration. I'm used to hit F5 almost as often as Control+S :)
Sep 09 21:47:02 <ngraham>	once you build them all once, it's done and rebuilding them is pretty fast FWIW
Sep 09 21:47:25 <sankasan>	well, part of building with kdesrc-build is a sync step if I'm not mistaken
Sep 09 21:47:47 <sankasan>	so every build can pull in a bad submit or a larger rebuild, no?
Sep 09 21:47:57 <sankasan>	trigger*
Sep 09 21:48:06 <ngraham>	yes, but this is why we insist on keeping master green :)
Sep 09 21:48:41 <ngraham>	The frameworks codebase is not like your typical corporate stuff where things may be failing to build for weeks, months, or years, without anyone caring about it
Sep 09 21:48:55 <ngraham>	when something breaks the build, it's considered a drop-everything emergency
Sep 09 21:50:20 <sankasan>	yeah I'm used to that (gamedev)
Sep 09 21:51:53 <ngraham>	cool
Sep 09 21:56:52 <sankasan>	ngraham, if you don't mind me bothering you a bit more a few follow up questions.
Sep 09 21:58:09 <ngraham>	sure, go ahead
Sep 09 21:58:18 <sankasan>	I want to make sure that I compile debugfull for the application skrooge. So I've added an options block to ~/.kdesrc-buildrc that looks like this: options skrooge
Sep 09 21:58:18 <sankasan>	    cmake-options -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=debugfull
Sep 09 21:58:18 <sankasan>	end options
Sep 09 21:58:36 <dfaure[m]>	debugfull no longer exists, for a long time
Sep 09 21:58:40 <dfaure[m]>	use Debug instead
Sep 09 21:59:00 <sankasan>	oh, I got that from here: https://techbase.kde.org/Getting_Started/Build/kdesrc-build-config
Sep 09 21:59:06 <ngraham>	I've got this added to my `global` section:
Sep 09 21:59:07 <ngraham>	`cmake-options -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RelWithDebInfo`
Sep 09 21:59:18 <sankasan>	yeah that is the default I think
Sep 09 21:59:31 <ngraham>	oh gosh yet another outdated wiki page for kdesrc-build lol
Sep 09 21:59:36 <sankasan>	but I want to step every step, not sure if that is the case with that option
Sep 09 21:59:46 <ngraham>	I have been working on consolidating those for years
Sep 09 22:00:08 <sankasan>	ngraham, sorry about that... I'm just looking around for docs instead of bothering poor souls like yourself
Sep 09 22:00:39 <ngraham>	haha no worries
Sep 09 22:01:08 <einar77>	dvratil[m]: finally the stupid messagebox appeared, I mailed the screenshot
Sep 09 22:01:11 <dfaure[m]>	at least that one warns that it's outdated ;-)
Sep 09 22:02:27 <sankasan>	ngraham, however I wanted to see the flag passed in the CMakeLists.txt and print it with MESSAGE("lets see what we have" ${CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE}). However that didn't display the variable. Is that CMakeLists.txt file not used?
Sep 09 22:03:48 <ngraham>	no, it is; that's how kdesrc-build knows what to do in fact
Sep 09 22:03:53 <ngraham>	if that didn't work, I'm surprised
Sep 09 22:04:39 <ngraham>	did you check the right log file? kdesrc-build will give you the path to its logs dir, but you kind of have to hunt for it. the CMake output isn't displayed in the console
Sep 09 22:05:08 <dfaure[m]>	the hunt can be simplified to `less log/latest/module/error.log`
Sep 09 22:05:23 <ngraham>	like I just built Okular for example and the CMake log for it is in `~/kde/src/log/2019-09-09-04/okular/build.log`
Sep 09 22:05:42 <sankasan>	ah, that might be it. I'm used to an IDE so I'm launching kdesrc-build from QtCreator.
Sep 09 22:06:04 <ngraham>	dfaure: oh sweet, where does that stuff live?
Sep 09 22:06:10 <einar77>	vkrause: I think the same "issue" with extraction is with booking.com but I can't make sure (base64 encoded mail...)
Sep 09 22:06:30 <dfaure[m]>	Nate Graham: same place, it's just that "latest" is a convenient symlink for 2019-09-09-04 ;)
Sep 09 22:06:41 <einar77>	I guess I should poke laurent for a "show HTML source" option in kmail ;)
Sep 09 22:06:53 <vkrause>	einar77: has this gone through gmail? they seem to do creative things with html content...
Sep 09 22:06:57 <dfaure[m]>	this exists already
Sep 09 22:06:58 <dfaure[m]>	you just need to set an env var
Sep 09 22:07:16 <einar77>	vkrause: nope, right to my mailbox
Sep 09 22:07:24 <ShalokShalom>	the development of the Firefox integration via xdg is stalled, as it seems?
Sep 09 22:07:35 <einar77>	(which is not gmail)
Sep 09 22:07:44 <ShalokShalom>	It seems to not work in some mysterious cases and nobody knows why?
Sep 09 22:07:52 <ngraham>	dfaure: super, thanks so much!
Sep 09 22:08:43 <sankasan>	ngraham, it indeed appears in log/latest/skrooge/cmake.log
Sep 09 22:09:02 <dfaure[m]>	einar77: export KDEPIM_DEBUGGING=1
Sep 09 22:09:25 <einar77>	dfaure[m]: what does it do?
Sep 09 22:09:48 <dfaure[m]>	@einar77 enables the "show HTML source" action, among others
Sep 09 22:09:53 <dfaure[m]>	or rather tab, iirc
Sep 09 22:10:05 <dfaure[m]>	in the same dialog as the one where you can see raw email contents
Sep 09 22:10:45 <vkrause>	dfaure[m]: that is the rendered html, not the input html
Sep 09 22:11:32 <dfaure[m]>	ah, right, I thought that was the question. The input HTML can just be saved from the treeview no?
Sep 09 22:11:52 <einar77>	vkrause: it looks like there are no annotations inside
Sep 09 22:13:16 <vkrause>	einar77: for booking.com, they only seem to be there if you book for yourself, bookings somebody else made for me don't seem to have it (at least that's the best theory I have atm for why it's not always there)
Sep 09 22:13:16 <einar77>	indeed not
Sep 09 22:13:33 <einar77>	vkrause: I was the one making the booking with my own account, so quite weird
Sep 09 22:14:02 <vkrause>	we do have a custom extractor though, that should trigger at least
Sep 09 22:14:35 <einar77>	it doesn't look like it does
Sep 09 22:14:39 <einar77>	the HTML is pretty ugly
Sep 09 22:17:40 <vkrause>	I think they have a few unique css classes we look for via xpath, seemed quite reliable so far
Sep 09 23:25:48 <vidal72[m]>	apol: if you plan to make kde 5.13 flatpak runtime then please base it on freedesktop 19.08 which is almost uploaded to flathub, it comes with libudev so you could drop your version
Sep 09 23:36:38 <apol[m]>	vi will do,  thanks!
Sep 10 09:50:55 <einar77_work>	dvratil[m]: ah, so the errors were about sieve?
Sep 10 09:51:12 <dvratil[m]>	yes
Sep 10 09:51:15 <einar77_work>	then I know why I don't get it here, that's because the sieve port is blocked
Sep 10 09:51:52 <dvratil[m]>	So probably just disable Sieve support in your IMAP resource configuration :)
Sep 10 09:51:58 <einar77_work>	dvratil[m]: I wonder if (in the long run) we can use knotification instead of KMessagebox?
Sep 10 09:53:20 <dvratil[m]>	Possibly, yes
Sep 10 09:53:36 <einar77_work>	but handling sieve works nevertheless FTR (I did fix some of my filters earlier this month from kmail)
Sep 10 09:55:10 <einar77_work>	nevermind, I think I just need to "fix" dovecot to not to cut these connections like that
Sep 10 09:56:15 <einar77_work>	dvratil[m]: given that, I may give a stab to see if I can make a PoC after your change is in
Sep 10 09:56:21 <einar77_work>	(for knotification)
Sep 10 09:56:32 <einar77_work>	it annoys me enough to put me out of my comfort zone ;)
Sep 10 09:57:08 <dvratil[m]>	Cool! Let me know if you need any help :)
Sep 10 09:57:51 <einar77_work>	I probably will, stay tuned sooner or later ;)
Sep 10 10:07:35 <bubli>	Where can I find Akademy group photo? I saw it yesterday and I tagged myself but I didn't bookmark URL
Sep 10 10:12:22 <tsdgeos[m]>	https://devel-home.kde.org/~duffus/akademy/2019/groupphoto/
Sep 10 10:21:20 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Sep 10 10:21:20 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Sep 10 10:21:44 2019

Sep 10 10:21:44 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 10 10:21:44 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 10 10:21:44 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 10 10:38:20 <barchiesi[m]>	So I landed a diff that contained a "BUG xxxx" reference but used a wrong email address in the git committer field. The bugzilla bug report was unaffected and I received an error email (screenshot below). Can I just copy/paste the email body in bugzilla to achieve the original desired effect?
Sep 10 10:38:55 *	barchiesi[m] uploaded an image: Screenshot_20190910_103223.png (104KB) < https://matrix.org/_matrix/media/v1/download/kde.org/wJuBAurQjTQWcUjMsYsKJSVC >
Sep 10 10:39:26 <dvratil[m]>	barchiesi:  just copy-pasting is not enough, you need to set the resolution, fixed-in etc. fields manually
Sep 10 10:39:58 <barchiesi[m]>	ah, I was hoping the @annotations where enough
Sep 10 10:40:16 <dvratil[m]>	Or just put the link to the commit to the message and close it :-)
Sep 10 10:41:07 <dvratil[m]>	Having all the extra fields is nice, but we can live without it  ;-)
Sep 10 10:42:34 <barchiesi[m]>	I'll see what I can do
Sep 10 11:04:56 <einar77_work>	dfaure[m]: you are my hero with D23820
Sep 10 11:05:40 <dfaure[m]>	perfect opportunity to debug this problem indeed ;-)
Sep 10 11:06:01 <einar77_work>	dfaure[m]: bear in mind that dan changed a few strings in master already with https://phabricator.kde.org/D23814
Sep 10 11:07:13 <dfaure[m]>	ah cool so that part is done already (and I'll get a merge conflict) ;-)
Sep 10 11:07:35 <einar77_work>	dfaure[m]: unfortunately I complained to him first ;)
Sep 10 11:09:02 <einar77_work>	dfaure[m]: as I mentioned earlier in the channel I'll see if I can make a poc using notifications rather than an ugly blocking messagebox (which steals focus)
Sep 10 11:14:13 <dfaure[m]>	excellent idea
Sep 10 11:18:36 <einar77_work>	is there any way to trigger those things "manually" rather than waiting for an error that may not come?
Sep 10 11:21:13 <bubli>	IDK who was it who asked about Libreoffice on Wayland during my session at Akademy and I told them it crashes w/ kf5 frontend atm because of either kf5waylandclient or qt bug
Sep 10 11:21:24 <bubli>	So here is the bug https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=408358
Sep 10 11:23:06 <svuorela>	einar77_work: just do it in the "main" code path and not in the error code path, then move it into the error code path when satisfied ?
Sep 10 11:27:26 <einar77_work>	svuorela: might be a good idea
Sep 10 12:38:45 <barchiesi[m]>	is https://techbase.kde.org/Development/Tutorials/Creating_Konqueror_Service_Menus the most complete documentation regarding service menus?
Sep 10 12:43:20 <eang>	that's probably not up to date
Sep 10 12:43:47 <eang>	I'd recommend looking at another service menu we currently ship
Sep 10 12:44:26 <barchiesi[m]>	that was the initial idea, but I wasn't sure what to grep. "KonqPopupMenu/Plugin" seems good
Sep 10 12:45:02 <barchiesi[m]>	eang: I would like to add "copy url to clipboard" to kio-gdrive
Sep 10 12:46:13 <eang>	barchiesi: then you probably want to use a kfileitemaction plugin instead
Sep 10 12:46:19 <eang>	so that you can make it smart
Sep 10 12:46:30 <eang>	e.g. only show the action when the selected item is a gdrive url
Sep 10 12:46:48 <barchiesi[m]>	I was just trying to figure that out, thanks!
Sep 10 12:47:24 <eang>	have a look at ark or purpose plugins
Sep 10 12:47:34 <eang>	(Extract/Compress, Send to, etc.)
Sep 10 22:51:48 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Sep 10 22:51:48 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Sep 10 22:52:12 2019

Sep 10 22:52:12 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 10 22:52:12 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 10 22:52:12 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 11 03:15:43 <act93[m]>	do I need an invite to join the kate channel? I keep getting err_needreggednick even though I believe I've registered my nick...
Sep 11 03:43:00 <Kon[m]>	You need to register a Freenode account specifically for your Matrix account
Sep 11 03:43:29 <Kon[m]>	 * You need to register a Freenode account specifically for connecting through Matrix
Sep 11 11:12:47 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Sep 11 11:12:47 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Sep 11 11:13:12 2019

Sep 11 11:13:12 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 11 11:13:12 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 11 11:13:12 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 11 12:21:08 <cmacq2[m]>	@romangg : could you remind me where I'm supposed to file bug reports on the issue we discussed? Namely: flickering when zooming in with kate. What happens is that the contents of the window behind Kate get rendered while zooming in the line number border/side bar of the document view (katepart)
Sep 11 12:23:18 <cmacq2[m]>	It's worse with kate 19.10 running against kf 5.62 on Qt 5.12.5 (all built with kdesrc-build)
Sep 11 14:41:32 <zzag>	does anyone have issues with building qt 5.14? I know it's too early, just wanted to have quick look at it :-)
Sep 11 14:56:17 <alexde>	zzag, you are fluent in QML, right? ;)
**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Sep 11 15:47:02 2019

Sep 11 15:47:02 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 11 15:47:02 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 11 15:47:02 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Sep 11 16:33:19 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Sep 11 16:33:28 2019

Sep 11 16:33:28 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 11 16:33:28 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 11 16:33:28 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 11 17:04:13 <zzag>	alexde: I'm quite the opposite of that
Sep 12 10:08:34 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Thu Sep 12 10:08:34 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu Sep 12 10:08:58 2019

Sep 12 10:08:58 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 12 10:08:58 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 12 10:08:58 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 12 11:03:41 *	bubli appreciates one of [ade]'s older tweets and uses it to slap^Weducate people addressing mixed-gender group as 'guys'
Sep 12 11:31:51 <einar77_work>	dvratil[m]: dfaure[m] super stupid question: were I use knotification in say, libksieve, does it make sense for such a repo / lib to ship a notifyrc?
Sep 12 11:33:10 <dvratil[m]>	einar77_work: for a library I think it would be best to have it only emit a signal on error and then implement the notification in the app that uses it - for instance in KMail, having a notification for the error makes sense, however in KSieveManager, a messagebox would make more sense, since the context there is clear
Sep 12 11:33:37 <dfaure[m]>	makes sense
Sep 12 11:33:51 <einar77_work>	dfaure[m]: that's what I was thinking
Sep 12 11:33:56 <einar77_work>	er dvratil[m]^
Sep 12 11:34:11 <einar77_work>	IOW replace messageboxes with signals?
Sep 12 11:34:46 <dvratil[m]>	yep
Sep 12 11:44:47 <[ade]>	bubli: have you subitted a talk to the Linux Applications Summit? That might be your thing as well (Barcelona, November).
Sep 12 11:48:18 *	bubli doesn't even know Linux Applications Summit is a thing
Sep 12 11:49:54 <bubli>	bah, missed CfP deadline by 4 days
Sep 12 11:59:34 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Thu Sep 12 11:59:34 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu Sep 12 11:59:57 2019

Sep 12 11:59:57 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 12 11:59:57 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 12 11:59:57 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 12 12:25:59 <[ade]>	well, actually .. 
Sep 12 12:30:15 *	dfaure[m] writes #incldude -- fun typo
Sep 12 12:38:14 <dfaure[m]>	Oops, I pushed a bad commit to kio which leads to some garbage in the URL navigator (e.g. in dolphin). Finishing unittest and fixing properly.
Sep 12 12:39:02 <bubli>	LOL let me paste what dfaure[m] wrote to our semi-secret women in tech chat, we love puns
Sep 12 12:39:49 <dfaure[m]>	@bubli right, we need a #inclgirl variant and some more, these days ;)
Sep 12 12:41:50 <einar77_work>	bubli: I wanted to attend your talk on LO but I ended up missing it...
Sep 12 12:42:09 <einar77_work>	(for a stupid reason: I didn't want to enter via the front door, but the back doors were locked)
Sep 12 12:44:28 *	bubli unsure if einar77_work missed that much, some animated gifs and lolcat at the end for sure
Sep 12 12:44:46 <bubli>	nay it was a grumpy cat, sry
Sep 12 12:53:11 <dfaure[m]>	it was a very nice talk, and not just about the cats ;-)
Sep 12 15:30:09 <[ade]>	#incldude is twi-worthy indeed
Sep 12 15:31:11 <[ade]>	dfaure[m]: I spent some time on the gwenview CI / test failure on FreeBSD, and all I'm getting is "unhandled exception somewhere" . That's going to take a lot more effort to track down (it's in an XCF file, so maybe it's just we don't support those and are not getting a decent traceback)
Sep 12 15:32:22 <[ade]>	.. but that's applications. I'll look into the kcoreaddons / inotify issue now
Sep 12 15:43:26 <spstarr>	bcooksley: how goes our migration to invent for git workflow?
Sep 12 15:43:47 <Riddellll>	bdhruve: hola!
Sep 12 16:00:39 <frinring>	krop: hi. would you have an idea how to do tests for ECM which yields test-passed if a compilation fails? asking in context of https://phabricator.kde.org/D23789 . I got some initial test code done to test the positive side (i.e. API is visible), now I wonder how to test that API is invisible :)
Sep 12 16:01:25 <krop>	test pass if failed ? mmm
Sep 12 16:02:33 <frinring>	I wonder if I could make use of cmake's try_compile somehow, but no-one used that so far in ECM, so I have no sample to be inspired from :)
Sep 12 16:03:36 <frinring>	also still having get to used to all those indirect ctest invocations, still a bit lost about the principal testing framework there in ECM
Sep 12 16:04:55 <bcooksley>	spstarr: delayed due to other work
Sep 12 16:07:38 <tackat>	hi frining
Sep 12 16:13:41 <frinring>	ho
Sep 12 16:24:27 <svuorela>	dfaure[m]: can I exec() on a kiojob before app.exec has been called? 
Sep 12 16:26:25 <[ade]>	dfaure[m]: looking at kcoreaddons, the test failures related to inotify should really end up being unit tests in the underlying library (inotify-compatibility-shim for kevent). Basically it looks like removing a file yields a dirty event on the irectory, but no event directly related to the file that was removed.
Sep 12 16:26:50 <[ade]>	.. it'd be helpful if the tests had a bit more explicit information on what the events should be that are generated.
Sep 12 17:04:25 <[ade]>	kdelibs4support test failure .. I can at least reproduce the failure
Sep 12 17:16:58 <[ade]>	.. but looks more like a failure in kservice than in kdelibs4support :S
Sep 12 17:19:04 <cmacq2[m]>	@frinring: for try_compile try looking at @ivan:kde.org  s work on activities. He likes to try out more modern C++, so has been forced to solve that before. IIRC I once cribbed some cmake magic from his projects like that
Sep 12 17:20:03 <frinring>	cmacq2[m]: thanks. my question though is more about how this fits into the current desgn of the ECM tests, less about how to use it in general
Sep 12 17:20:29 <[ade]>	does kservice not get release tags?
Sep 12 17:21:12 <frinring>	[ade]: it does. cmp. e.g. the list at https://cgit.kde.org/kservice.git
Sep 12 17:22:27 <frinring>	(v6.x.0 only happen at final release day, just like for all kf modules, if that is the question)
Sep 12 17:24:15 <[ade]>	(now you're confusing me by mentioning v6, even) No, it's just my repo only has a handful of old tags, git pull does pull in the most up-to-date code commits, but doesn't update tags
Sep 12 17:25:44 <frinring>	oops, typo :) v5.x.0 of course
Sep 12 17:26:56 <frinring>	[ade]: that is because gt pull will only getch tags part/on of the branches you pull. for tags on commits e.g. off-named branch, like the rc ones, you will need to expliitly pull them
Sep 12 17:27:11 <frinring>	getch = merge of get & fetch ;)
Sep 12 17:28:15 <[ade]>	i wonder why git doesn't update the available tags (i dunno, usually git checkout master ; git pull does the right thing). not that important, since now i've moved on to bugs / test failures in kservice which i think i need to resolve before i can deal with kdelibs4support
Sep 12 17:29:46 <frinring>	because tags would pull in all the commits leading to the commit they are on. which could be a lot and not what you wanted when you pulled the default branch
Sep 12 17:30:26 <frinring>	*pulled a/the current branch
Sep 12 17:41:39 <frinring>	[ade]: so, git pull does bring you all the tags which are on commits of the branch you pulled. but not tags on commits which are off that branch. usually (here: kde plasma, applications) tags are on commits on branches. but for kf, there are no normal branches with branch names, but commit chain "branches" whose heads are referenced by tags. because, they are supposed to be final, no branches where more stuff is pushed to with a moving head
Sep 12 17:45:03 <[ade]>	IOW, rm -rf and re-clone if you want to find tags or branches. 
Sep 12 17:47:14 <frinring>	that's the windows approach ;) git pull --tags e.g. will get you all the tags from the remote repo (and all the commits leading to them)
Sep 12 17:47:55 <heirecka>	fwiw, there's also git fetch --tags
Sep 12 17:48:47 <frinring>	yes, more correct as it does not update current local branch
Sep 12 17:49:13 <[ade]>	dfaure[m]: I get failures in the unittests of kservice on Linux as well :(
Sep 12 17:49:26 <[ade]>	(er .. in the 5.60 version)
Sep 12 17:52:43 <frinring>	meh, IN_LIST is only cmake 3.3
Sep 12 17:53:30 <[ade]>	so that's odd .. the tests succeed on the CI (Linux), fail on my laptop (Linux) and fail on FreeBSD (home workstation  and CI)
Sep 12 18:53:36 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Thu Sep 12 18:53:36 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu Sep 12 18:54:02 2019

Sep 12 18:54:02 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 12 18:54:02 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 12 18:54:02 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 12 19:54:17 <ngraham>	bcooksley: would you be able to tell me how many people are subscribed to the kde-community mailing list?
Sep 13 07:15:49 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Fri Sep 13 07:15:49 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Fri Sep 13 07:16:13 2019

Sep 13 07:16:13 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 13 07:16:13 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 13 07:16:13 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 15 22:38:27 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Sun Sep 15 22:38:27 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Sun Sep 15 22:38:53 2019

Sep 15 22:38:53 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 15 22:38:53 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 15 22:38:53 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 15 22:49:19 <jzarl>	consistency is nice, of course. "before and at" just sounds a little clumsy in my opinion (but I'm no native speaker)
Sep 15 22:49:28 <jzarl>	so YMMV ;-)
Sep 15 22:50:41 <ngraham>	+1 for the "until" version, which seems a bit easier to understand to me
Sep 15 23:20:01 <bshah|matrix>	Nate Graham: any reason you had emptied out community.kde.org/Goals ?
Sep 15 23:20:25 <ngraham>	I did?
Sep 15 23:20:28 <bshah|matrix>	evolve.kde.org now redirects to it but that's... ... unexpected?
Sep 15 23:20:43 <ngraham>	umm... that was definitely not my intention and I have no memory of doing that
Sep 15 23:20:49 <bshah|matrix>	History says so
Sep 15 23:20:55 <ngraham>	indeed it does
Sep 15 23:21:03 <ngraham>	reverting
Sep 15 23:21:24 <ngraham>	I have no idea how this happened
Sep 15 23:21:27 <bshah|matrix>	Maybe though adding a details for new goals would be lovely
Sep 15 23:21:44 <ngraham>	yeah
Sep 15 23:21:49 <ngraham>	Consistency already has a wiki page
Sep 15 23:41:48 <frinring>	tsdgeos[m]: thanks for reply, hopefully that will inspire more feedback also from others
Sep 15 23:43:50 <frinring>	hope my reply makes current proposals more understandable. in doubt about proper names myself, consistency with Qt has been my only guide so far
Sep 15 23:58:10 <tiendonam[m]>	does anyone know if "kdesrc-build systemsettings --no-include-dependencies" includes my new change? It seems to ignore my change
Sep 16 00:01:55 <tosky>	you probably want to use --no-src, so that the checked out branch is not touched
Sep 16 00:19:18 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Sep 16 00:19:18 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Sep 16 00:19:45 2019

Sep 16 00:19:45 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 16 00:19:45 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 16 00:19:45 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 16 00:46:00 <dfaure[m]>	bcooksley: yes?
Sep 16 09:05:08 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Sep 16 09:05:08 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Sep 16 09:05:35 2019

Sep 16 09:05:35 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 16 09:05:35 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 16 09:05:35 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 16 10:08:40 <Riddellll>	bdhruve: get home ok? did you make a room/channel for open qa?
Sep 16 12:37:04 <bubli>	True https://twitter.com/Carnage4Life/status/1173282225594306560
Sep 16 13:26:25 <Safa_[A_Boy]>	Hi guys. So, the recent changed to the open file dialog cause some stuff, such as this insanely large dialog (1024 minimum width)
Sep 16 13:26:27 <Safa_[A_Boy]>	https://i.imgur.com/KAXB2bm.png
Sep 16 15:45:11 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Sep 16 15:45:11 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Sep 16 15:45:39 2019

Sep 16 15:45:39 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 16 15:45:39 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 16 15:45:39 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 16 16:47:28 <bcooksley>	vkrause[m]: once the server side agent of KUserFeedback is deployed, what is the easiest way of testing it?
Sep 16 16:49:42 <volker|office_>	bcooksley: you can connect to it using the UserFeedbackConsole application, which allows you to manage products and see the data
Sep 16 16:50:03 <volker|office_>	it's part of the same git repo
Sep 17 10:23:00 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Sep 17 10:23:00 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Sep 17 10:23:27 2019

Sep 17 10:23:27 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 17 10:23:27 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 17 10:23:27 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
Sep 17 10:45:21 <arojas>	archetech: kdelibs4support's FindNetworkManager doesn't work with latest NM
Sep 17 10:45:29 <arojas>	it's looking for libraries which no longer exist
Sep 17 11:15:58 <Riddellll>	dfaure: kdelibs4support doesn't want to compile without an updated kdesignerplugin but that doesn't exist
Sep 17 11:16:25 <bshah|matrix>	kdesignerplugin moved to portingAids
Sep 17 11:16:54 <Riddellll>	ah hah, there it is!
Sep 17 11:21:23 <archetech>	arojas,   ty
Sep 17 11:22:25 <arojas>	archetech: I don't think it does anything anyway
Sep 17 11:22:27 <arojas>	https://cgit.kde.org/kdelibs4support.git/tree/src/solid-networkstatus/kded/CMakeLists.txt#n19
Sep 17 11:22:37 <arojas>	NM_0_7 is nowhere defined
Sep 17 11:24:59 <archetech>	I didnt copy the error  message  it wasnt important sounding
Sep 17 11:25:59 <archetech>	  yeah to solid
Sep 17 11:26:34 *	archetech waits for plasma 5.17 beta
Sep 17 11:29:01 <archetech>	while you're there arojas   did you notice new upower wants kernel user namespace enbled ?
Sep 17 11:29:40 <archetech>	hope that dont open a can of worms
Sep 17 11:47:16 <arojas>	archetech: no idea
Sep 17 11:47:18 <arojas>	https://phabricator.kde.org/D24020
Sep 17 12:25:23 <archetech>	arojas,  bookmarked  
Sep 17 12:41:57 <tiendonam[m]>	Currently there are 2 entries for "Notifications", will they be merged for 5.17?
Sep 17 12:42:14 <tiendonam[m]>	 * Currently there are 2 entries in System Settings for "Notifications", will they be merged for 5.17?
Sep 17 14:14:53 <Riddellll>	Nate Graham: shall we kill systemd-kcm ?
Sep 17 14:29:38 <bcooksley>	volker|office_: any objections if I make people confirm they've read https://kde.org/privacypolicy-apps.php before giving them access to telemetry.kde.org?
Sep 17 14:33:52 <volker|office_>	bcooksley: makes sense, probably even more so the telemetry policy
Sep 17 15:13:16 <CarlSchwan[m]>	How do I debug kglobalaccel? I can't use the krunner shortcut anymore (running master)
Sep 17 15:13:51 <dfaure[m]>	Carl Schwan: It's tricky to debug. But for a workaround you can just kill it and restart it
Sep 17 15:16:26 <CarlSchwan[m]>	dfaure: I can restart it: No protocol specified
Sep 17 15:16:57 <dfaure[m]>	you mean can't? What's that message? A fatal error from kglobalaccel?
Sep 17 15:19:32 <CarlSchwan[m]>	it's the message I get then I try to restart kglobalaccel
Sep 17 15:24:58 <CarlSchwan[m]>	ok it looks like an issue with my system ☹️
Sep 17 15:54:09 <bcooksley>	nggraham: thanks for those comments re. that telemetry kcm
Sep 17 15:54:20 <bcooksley>	as it stands, it doesn't really comply with the policy we've laid out...
Sep 17 15:54:33 <ngraham>	my pleasure
Sep 17 15:55:12 <ngraham>	yeah I think before we put this in front of users, the presentation and behavior need to be polished to a mirror sheen or else at best nobody will feel confident enough to enable it, and at worst, it will cause a PR nightmare
Sep 17 16:09:51 <bcooksley>	Oki, i've got the stuff for Flatpaks staged as much as I can
Sep 17 16:10:12 <bcooksley>	annoyingly, I now have to wait for the 100GB repository that has who knows how many inodes in it to sync
Sep 17 16:10:26 <bcooksley>	Flatpak really is not designed to scale at all :(
Sep 17 16:10:58 <bcooksley>	100GB should not take hours to rsync over a gigabit connection with extremely low latency (we're talking 2-3ms tops)
Sep 17 16:12:06 <bcooksley>	What it really needs is something like Git has - packs - to improve compression and reduce the number of files on disk
Sep 17 16:12:14 <bcooksley>	(which should also reduce fetch times)
Sep 17 16:45:01 <brute4s99>	bcooksley: do you know if "fatal: remote error: service not enabled: /craft" is a temporary hiccup or if I'm the one at fault? I'm trying to land D23907
Sep 17 18:55:26 <nicofee>	vkrause: apol Someone suggested to have a kde android room so I made one
Sep 17 18:55:28 <nicofee>	https://matrix.to/#/!lcCWmDjEEJPEGILOXe:kde.org?via=kde.org&via=matrix.org&via=t2bot.io
Sep 17 18:56:06 <bshah>	hm
Sep 17 18:56:22 <bshah>	slightly reader friendly link #kde-android:kde.org
Sep 17 18:56:23 <bshah>	:)
Sep 17 19:33:05 <Fuchs>	might want to add a corresponding IRC channels for those who do not feel like using Matrix 
Sep 17 19:33:48 <nicofee>	bhushan said he'll do it
Sep 17 19:33:54 <Fuchs>	that works :) 
Sep 17 19:34:21 <bshah|matrix>	Fuchs: yes. I plan to set up bridge
Sep 17 19:35:03 <bshah|matrix>	(tomorrow morning)
Sep 17 19:37:00 <Fuchs>	no hurry at all 
Sep 17 19:37:13 <Fuchs>	depending on people parking in there you might need assistance, but that should be trivial 
Sep 17 20:30:11 <jzarl>	it seems that api.kde.org is down...
Sep 17 20:30:58 <bomb>	yeah
Sep 17 22:43:51 *	Disconnected ()
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Sep 17 22:43:51 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Sep 17 22:44:16 2019

Sep 17 22:44:16 *	Now talking on #kde-devel
Sep 17 22:44:16 *	Topic for #kde-devel is: KDE Applications master will be 19.12; stable in Applications/19.08 | Schedules: http://is.gd/H9mskw | Dev wiki: http://community.kde.org/ | Git: http://cgit.kde.org | Newcomers, please read and follow the KDE Guide before asking questions here: http://archive.flossmanuals.net/kde-guide/
Sep 17 22:44:16 *	Topic for #kde-devel set by tsdgeos!~tsdgeos@kde/aacid (Mon Jul 15 21:19:40 2019)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Sep 17 22:58:02 2019

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Sep 17 22:58:02 2019

